The Joe Rogan experience. So that's the crazy thing, right? Like you don't,
you're not just doing something, but you're also selling film.
Films. So you gotta like, you know, did.
They give you tips on how to film.
You filmed tips before you go out?
I actually found like this wasn't everyone's experience,
but I found it was like kind of nice to have a camera because when I'd been like
for trapping in Siberia, it's like, you're just alone, alone,
and everything you do just feels like nobody's ever going to know about it.
You know, like you do all these cool things. And, you know,
I remember like I'd been out there for a few weeks and I came into like this
beautiful woods in Siberia, you know? And I remember being like, wow.
And then I was like, oh, weird.
That was the first time I've spoken out loud in like three weeks, you know?
So it was.
Like just saying, wow. Yeah.
Well, like caught my attention. Oh, that was my voice. You know? Like,
and then of course your mind is really active, but it's just all in your head.
But on the show with the cameras, you know, it's like, you're constantly,
like [inaudible] talking about stuff and
it's like kinda made me feel like I wasn't quite as alone.
When they tell you when they give you the camera equipment and tell you,
go out and film yourself. W how much battery life do you have?
Uh, well, you get this big,
like car battery size pack that you can recharge your batteries with.
And then they'll occasionally come on, like med checks to see,
make sure you're not too skinny or something like that.
Yeah. Because they check on you.
It varies sometime around 10 days, ish or.
Something. Oh, he's dead. Yeah.
Not yet. No. Fortunately.
They give you a bell to ring or something. Do you have a thing?
You have a thing that you like, it's the thing you would give up with? Like,
if you were ready to tap.
Out a red button, Garmin.
You can send texts on it. And then, uh,
let's say you text them every morning and night and basically say I'm okay.
And so they know you're okay. If you don't do that, then they'll come.
Probably see if you're alive still.
Oh, wow. Wow. And so what are they?
I would imagine their show is entirely dependent. Not just on you succeeding,
but documenting everything that.
I think that, I mean, they were very clear with us. Like the,
you guys have to document everything.
We need eight hours of footage a day minimum, you know, like, wow.
And when you're out there, do.
You have a solar charger?
No. No. So, but you know, it probably,
wasn't a lot of sun up there that time of year, but that big battery block.
And then you got a lot of little packs battery packs,
and it's kind of what restricts, where you're, you know,
where you live is that you have a hundred pounds of gear. So.
So when you're swinging an ax at this Wolverine, you've got all that on film.
Yeah. It's.
Yeah. Well, you can see me. It's like, I I'd like, cause I heard him comment.
I heard him come in and cause my, my cans were a long ways away, you know,
a ways away. And it's like clinic. Like I was like, oh Jesus.
I just ran out with my tripod and my camera set it on God. Cause he had a trail.
So I generally where he'd be coming. So I just set my camera up,
put it in that direction and that's kind of where it came. So.
It'd be a giant distraction. Yeah. That would make it. So, cause I know.
I missed the first moose because of,
because there was a different moose that I had shot at that I totally missed,
but a big, giant dinosaur of a moose.
It was so cool to see. But uh,
I grabbed my bow and arrow and my camera and ran out there, set the camera up,
took my shot. And I was like, oh, I didn't grab my quiver. And so my first shot,
I misjudged the distance and drop the arrow between his legs. I was like, oh no,
I only grabbed water because I grabbed my stupid camera.
Did he run when the arrow came near?
No, I like dropped between his legs. He looked around.
I totally would've had time for another shot. It was a real kick in the pants.
So then I kind of took off trotted off and I was just like,
man.
Did he know you were there? Was he aware of you?
Not too aware, like guys took a shot. He like heard it knew something was up.
What had happened is I had set again,
like those cans up as a warning system and I heard him like in the morning hit
the cans and I figured that would just warn me.
What if something hit the cans,
it would wake me up and I could go out and try to hunt it.
What actually happened is he went through the cans,
scared himself and ran like perfectly in my direction and turned around and
looked at the cans, like broadside to me,
like I came out and it was just a perfect shot, but it was 40.
I paced it off afterwards 43 yards.
And he was such a big animal that I thought he was closer.
So I put them at like 30 yards guessing, you know,
and I missed my first and only shots. I was.
Like, ah, did you call them in?
Yeah, I've been calling moose like every day. I would just pick berries.
Call moose. Yeah. Good one.
Yeah. That's very good. I think they'd come get it.
Your lungs. I learned that from my friend Mike Hockridge. Yeah. Um,
now when you, when you're doing that, you're, you're waiting a long time. Right?
You're calling them and then you just shut.
Literally. It was like, I'd find a good Berry patch,
just sit there and eat berries and call and eat berries and call and uh,
yeah. And that's all I would do.
And honest and I think both the bull moose that I saw came
into that calling because it would always, but it would take them a long time.
So I'd like call all evening and then they would usually come in in the morning,
which was interesting. So it's not like they, they come from mine, but yeah,
they must've come from a long ways away.
They come like huffing and puffing all in the rough and stuff like that.
So cool. I can just hear him going.
Yeah. They're so vocal. Yeah.
And it's nice.
You can mimic their voice with your voice and the nice thing about moose. Yeah.
Right. It's not like an elk you tube. Yeah. You can actually make the horny.
It always got to get.
Into it. And so will you in the, was it in the rut? Yeah. All lucky. So
sign for them.
They want to give you a chance of getting something.
Yeah. Now you shot that moose.
How did the other people survive and how many people made it until?
Well, just through toughness, you know, like just starving out, like dude,
you know that you were pointing out. Yes.
Just catching a few rabbits here and there. You know, like, uh,
fishing is a big thing, you know? Like, uh, but yeah,
it was, it was nice to have the moves for sure.
I knew I had to, it was like that.
I'm not going to have a chance if it was starving,
I'd have been out of there so fast. Did anybody.
Else get a moose?
No, I assume someone would, but I mean again with it recurve,
it's pretty hard. Plus you haven't ever scouted your territory,
so you don't know how things are going? Uh,
because I was so focused on getting one right from the bat,
like right when they drop my helicopter off, it was like,
I went out and scouted, like where might moose come in? And no,
you can't take those. But I just,
I would just put my shelter where the wind would always be blowing my,
sent out to the sea, you know, out to the, and taking into account,
all those little things, you know, like, uh, yeah.
Building my shelter away from where moose might walk by so that I wouldn't blow
up a spot, you know, all that kind of stuff.
So how did the other people, what did they eat?
Yeah, it was, I mean, a lot of.
I did them after it was like someone needs a 77 days before they quit.
72.
Or three, you go an extra.
Yeah. Because a storm came in and they couldn't get out there.
Did you know about it? No. I had no idea. Oh, wow. Plugging along. So.
Who the made it to 72 days? Uh.
It was a girl named [inaudible] and she,
and another guy named Nathan made it, um, you know, this,
his shelter burnt down and I was kind of in for him.
Both of them made it right up to 71, 72 days.
Shelter burned down. He said I'm not making another one. I mean.
It was cold at that point before he tested.
Yeah. Look at her, this is her. Uh,
she caught something with her bow game pheasant or something. Oh.
And she said, she's happy. I think.
Happy to find the eat. She.
Cooks it up. Wow. Is chopping it all up.
Yeah. And so, yeah, they would, you know, as everybody did,
but you just eat everything.
I read that bird's meat is that's nuts. It looks like, uh, uh, like a beef.
You know what I mean? It mostly write right. Read me venison bird. Doesn't it.
Yeah. It's crazy. Look at her so happy. Oh, I'm so happy.
So she almost, she almost made it.
Yeah, she did really well, but uh.
Some ballsy people to do.
This. It's pretty intense, you know,
like good for everybody that tried to do to get like.
Yeah, but they don't get. They get
[inaudible] you get 72 days of star Trek.
I know.
It's rough. And one guy walks away with a half a mil. That's crazy. Nothing.
How much moose did you have left at the end of the show?
Couple hundred pounds. You know, I still had a lot know
how many pounds of it we've eaten in a day. As much as I could.
I was just so hungry plus I was having fish,
so I would have fish for lunch and then breakfast and like dinner.
I would eat moose. And I was just, I basically, I told myself, well,
I can't quit until I finished this whole moose. I want you to dispatch.
It's like.